==Jupiter Glossary==

'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/2 For.mediawiki|2 For]]'''<br>
A type of price point in which two identical products are sold at a specified price. Not to be confused with [[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/BOGO.mediawiki|BOGO]].

----
'''3rd Party Coupon'''<br>
A coupon distributed via a tie-in partner.
<br>
See also: [[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/Coupon Type.mediawiki|Coupon Type]].

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|30s]]'''<br>
A 30-second TV commercial.

----
'''AACM'''<br>
African American Consumer Market. Consumer group that includes the consumers of African-American ethnicity.
<br>
See also: [[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/Consumer Segment.mediawiki|Consumer Segment]]. 

----
'''ACM'''<br>
Asian Consumer Market. Consumer segment that includes the consumers of Asian-American ethnicity.
<br>
See also: [[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/Consumer Segment.mediawiki|Consumer Segment]].

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Activity Picture]]'''<br>
Image representing the promotional activity.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Activity Type]]'''<br>
Type of promotion offered by the competitor.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Average Price (Indicator Type)]]'''<br>
An indicator of the average price of specified products in specified geography and restaurant types. 

----
'''Be Our Guest'''<br>
A coupon distributed at events.
<br>
See also: [[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/Coupon Type.mediawiki|Coupon Type]].

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/BOGO.mediawiki|BOGO]]'''<br>
Buy one, get one free. A type of price point in which a consumer buys one product and gets a second one for free. Not to be confused with [[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/2 For.mediawiki|2 For]].

----
'''Bounceback'''<br>
A coupon offered at the time of purchase that gives customers a discount on a future purchase.
<br>
See also: [[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/Coupon Type.mediawiki|Coupon Type]].

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Bundled Price]]'''<br>
A type of price point in which several different products are sold together at a discounted price. 

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Buy and Get a Discount]]'''<br>
A type of price point in which a consumer purchases a product and gets a different product at a discounted price. 

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Buy and Get Free]]'''<br>
A type of price point in which a consumer purchases a product and gets a different product for free.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|C-Rate]]'''<br>
Local market contribution rate to OPNAD.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Competitive Activity]]'''<br>
A promotion offered by a competitor.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Competitor Logo]]'''<br>
Logo of the competitor.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Consumer Segment]]'''<br>
A group of consumers created based on ethnicity.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Coupon Expiration Date]]'''<br>
Date when the validity of a coupon ends.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Coupon Type]]'''<br>
Type of coupon distributed to support a promotion.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Data Entry Report]]'''<br>
A report containing the percentage of stores that reported promotions and/or the percentage of stores that reported promotions supported by TV for a specified time period and Division.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Daypart]]'''<br>
A division of the day defined by the type of meal usually served during a particular time interval.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Day Specific]]'''<br>
A promotion or event that is offered only on certain days.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Detailed Promotion Name]]'''<br>
Descriptive name for the promotion.

----
'''Digital Coupon'''<br>
A coupon distributed to the consumer digitally, i.e. a digital banner ad.
<br>
See also: [[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/Coupon Type.mediawiki|Coupon Type]].

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Direct Mail]]'''<br>
A coupon distributed via direct mail.
<br>
See also: [[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/Coupon Type.mediawiki|Coupon Type]].

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Discounted Price]]'''<br>
A type of price point in which a product is sold at a specific short-term discounted price.

----
'''Division'''<br>
See [[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/Zone.mediawiki|Zone]].

----
'''Door Hanger'''<br>
A coupon distributed directly to the consumer's home via door hangers.
<br>
See also: [[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/Coupon Type.mediawiki|Coupon Type]].

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Drop Quantity]]'''<br>
Number of coupons to be distributed for the promotion.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Drop Start Date]]'''<br>
Date when the distribution of a coupon begins.

----
'''E-coupon'''<br>
A coupon distributed via email.
<br>
See also: [[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/Coupon Type.mediawiki|Coupon Type]].

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|EID]]'''<br>
Electronic identification number required to access Jupiter.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|End Date]]'''<br>
Date when a promotion, or the media support for a promotion ends.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Field Vote Date]]'''<br>
The date when a promotion saved as pending will be approved.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Flag]]'''<br>
An icon that indicates whether a product has a certain property.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Free Item]]'''<br>
A type of price point in which customers get a free product, no purchase required.

----
'''Frequency Card'''<br>
A coupon with which customers receive a free product after purchasing a certain number of products.
<br>
See also: [[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/Coupon Type.mediawiki|Coupon Type]].

----
'''FSI'''<br>
Free standing insert. A coupon distributed via newspaper inserts.
<br>
See also: [[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/Coupon Type.mediawiki|Coupon Type]].

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Full Detailed Report]]'''<br>
A detailed, fully customizable report with information regarding Jupiter entries.

----
'''GCM'''<br>
General Consumer Market. Consumer segment that includes consumers of all ethnicities.
<br>
See also: [[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/Consumer Segment.mediawiki|Consumer Segment]]. 

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Geography]]'''<br>
Area covered by a promotional activity or indicator.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|GRP]]'''<br>
Gross rating point. An advertising indicator used to measure the total exposures produced by a media campaign.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Guest Counts (Indicator Type)]]'''<br>
The number of customers in specified geography and restaurant types.

----
'''HCM'''<br>
Hispanic Consumer Market. Consumer segment that includes the consumers of Hispanic-American ethnicity.
<br>
See also: [[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/Consumer Segment.mediawiki|Consumer Segment]]. 

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Indicator Type]]'''<br>
Data measured by an indicator.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Limited Time Only]]'''<br>
A product that is available only for a limited period of time.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Local Support of OPNAD]]'''<br>
Media support is the local support for an OPNAD promotion taking place during the same time period. Abbreviated as LSOP.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Market]]'''<br>
The lowest level in the three-level geographic organization of the US, representing an area covered by the same group of TV stations (typically a metropolitan area). A Market is part of a Region.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Marketing (GRPs) (Indicator Type)]]'''<br>
An indicator of the number of gross rating points (GRPs) running for specified products and media vehicles in specified geography and restaurant types. 

----
'''McDApp Offer'''<br>
A coupon distributed via the McD App smartphone applications.
<br>
See also: [[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/Coupon Type.mediawiki|Coupon Type]].

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Media Calendar Category]]'''<br>
A group of products created from a media/advertising perspective.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Media Reach Goal]]'''<br>
An indicator of the targeted audience size for a promotion.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Media Vehicle]]'''<br>
Type of mass media used to support the promotion.

----
'''Mobile Coupon'''<br>
A coupon distributed to the consumer via mobile phone.
<br>
See also: [[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/Coupon Type.mediawiki|Coupon Type]].

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|My Defaults]]'''<br>
A default selection of options that a user can customize and use when creating indicators.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|No Price]]'''<br>
A type of price point in which a product is advertised without an offer of any kind.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Observed In]]'''<br>
Areas where a competitive activity has been observed.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|One-Day Event]]'''<br>
A promotional event that takes place over a single day.

----
'''OOH'''<br>
Out-of-home advertising. A type of media vehicle that includes all forms of advertising that reach the consumer outside the home.
<br>
See also: [[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/Media Vehicle.mediawiki|Media Vehicle]].

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|OPNAD]]'''<br>
Operator's National Advertising Fund. A fund set up by McDonald's and Owner/Operators to purchase national television advertising.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Other (Price Point Type)]]'''<br>
A type of price point used to promote non-food products or brand messages.

----
'''POP'''<br>
Point of purchase. The place where a transaction is completed, i.e. the restaurant.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Price Point Type]]'''<br>
Type of price offer used for the promotion.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Product Category]]'''<br>
A group of similar products.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Promotion Support]]'''<br>
Marketing activities that support a promotion.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Region]]'''<br>
The second level in the three-level geographic organization of the US. A Region is part of a Zone, and contains several Markets.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Regular Advertised Price]]'''<br>
A type of price point that represents a standard, long-term pricing strategy.

----
'''ROD'''<br>
Rest of day. Products sold outside breakfast hours.
<br>
See also: [[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/Media Calendar Category.mediawiki|Media Calendar Category]].

----
'''ROP'''<br>
Restaurant Order Proposal. An automated ordering system at the restaurant level.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Sales (Indicator Type)]]'''<br>
The sum of receipts from specified restaurant types and geography.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Short Promotion Name]]'''<br>
Short name for the promotion.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Store Group]]'''<br>
A grouping of restaurants created based on the type of facility in which restaurants operate.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|System Goal]]'''<br>
The Jupiter-targeted media calendar category mix, as percentage of total GRPs to allocate to each media calendar category. 

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Start Date]]'''<br>
Date when a promotion, or the media support for a promotion begins.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Target Audience]]'''<br>
Age group targeted by the media support of a promotion. 

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Teaser]]'''<br>
Media support that begins before the start date of the promotion.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Test Product]]'''<br>
A not yet launched product that a competitor is testing.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Time Specific]]'''<br>
A promotion that is offered only at certain times.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Timeliness Status]]'''<br>
Jupiter calculation indicating the percentage of promotions approved at least 30 days in advance of the promotion start date.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Top 30 Report]]'''<br>
A report that provides GRP details for specified Media Calendar Categories and for specified geography.

----
'''Transferred from Calendar'''<br>
A promotion created on the Calendar page of Jupiter Marketing (Add Media Event).

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|TV Activity Report Summary]]'''<br>
A report that provides the percentage of stores that support specified product categories or products with television during specified months.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Units Per Thousand (UPTs) (Indicator Type)]]'''<br>
An indicator of the number of specified products sold per 1,000 customers in specified geography and restaurant types.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Units Sold (Indicator Type)]]'''<br>
The number of items of specified products sold in specified geography and restaurant types. 

----
'''Upcoming Event'''<br>
A promotional activity that will take place in the near future, and for which the start date is unknown.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Vehicle Report]]'''<br>
A report that provides for each media vehicle type the percentage and the number of stores that support specified product categories or products during a specified time period using a specified media vehicle.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|YAG]]'''<br>
Year ago. Used to compare local media mix calendar data with the same period from the previous year.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|YTD]]'''<br>
Year-to-Date. The period of time between the beginning of the current year and the present date.

----
'''[[/JupiterGlossary/Glossary/.mediawiki|Zone]]'''<br>
The top level in the 3-level geographic organization of the US. A zone contains several Regions.
